Don't pretend to be confused for me.
You're so calculating at the auction, aren't you?
If you don't pay back the 30 million you swallowed this year
Come here, don't even think about leaving
Buy and leave
You can't go back on your offer.
You can't return it after the deal.
Is this the rule of borrowing fruit?
Master Xu
Didn't your dad teach you?
I don't talk to dogs
pay back
What if I don't give it?
If you don't give it?
I'll call until your room
hands-on
No activity for several days
Since you took the initiative to deliver it to your door
Then I'll play with you
comrade
How about Li Yu
This is my special flower weight.
Jin, please come to deal with your master
come
Eat big tricks
Would you like to try it?
Arms and legs
The feeling of a broken piece